Add Azure Login Action Step (#722)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-dev-docs: articles/github/github-key-vault.md

        secrets: 'mySecret'  # comma separated list of secret keys to fetch from key vault 
      id: myGetSecretAction # ID for secrets that you will reference
```
## Add the Azure Login Action

> For GitHub actions that don't use public endpoints, you may need to configure the [Azure Login Action.](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/developer/github/connect-from-azure?tabs=azure-cli%2Cwindows#use-the-azure-login-action)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For GitHub actions that don't use public endpoints, you may need to configure the [Azure Login Action.](connect-from-azure.md?tabs=azure-cli%2Cwindows#use-the-azure-login-action)
```
